Stage 3 is a new feature of the MassOS build system, aimed at improving support
for other desktop environments.

When MassOS development originally began, Xfce was planned to be the only
officially supported default desktop environment. As a result of that, we made
the build system heavily focused on Xfce. However, recently some community
members have begun developing ports for other desktop environments, the main
one being GNOME, originally by AaronTechnic and now by RetronEletron.

The original build system had two stages - Stage 1 which used the host system
to bootstrap a temporary toolchain for building MassOS, and Stage 2 which used
the temporary toolchain to build the full MassOS system.

Now, Stage 1 is still the same, but Stage 2 only builds the main MassOS system,
including graphical libraries, but without the desktop environment or graphical
programs. Stage 3 builds the desktop environment on top of the base system that
Stage 2 built.

The advantage of this is that multiple different desktop environments can now
be built on top of the base system, rather than having to recompile the entire
system for different desktop environments.

There is a "stage3.sh" script in the top level of the MassOS source tree. This
should be run immediately after Stage 2, with the desired desktop environment
passed as an argument, e.g. "./stage3.sh xfce" or "./stage3.sh gnome".

Each supported desktop environment which can be passed as an argument to the
script will be a subdirectory of "stage3", e.g. "xfce" or "gnome". If you want
a build without a desktop environment, use "nodesktop", DO NOT simply leave it
at Stage 2, as Stage 2 no longer properly finalizes the build; Stage 3 does.

Inside the desktop environment subdirectory will be a Stage 3 build script
named "stage3-<desktop>.sh", e.g. "stage3-xfce.sh". Like build-system.sh, this
is not intended to be run directly, however is run in chroot automatically in
the same way that stage2.sh runs build-system.sh in chroot.

The subdirectory should also contain the following files/folders:

- "stage3-<desktop>.sh" - Explained above... The Xfce one can be considered a
  formatting reference point if you're porting a different desktop environment.
- "source-urls" - Like source-urls in the top level MassOS source tree, however
  this one contains the source URLs for the packages needed for the desktop
  environment.
- "builtins" - Like builtins in "utils" in the top level source tree, however
  this one contains a list of the packages needed for the desktop environment.
  It will be automatically installed as /usr/share/massos/builtins.d/<desktop>.
  masspkg 1.2.0 and later should be able to read the files in builtins.d.
- "patches/" - Like patches in the top level source tree, but only for... you
  know the rest by now.
- "systemd-units/" - systemd units that will be automatically installed (but
  you will need to manually add a line to enable any needed ones in the stage3
  build script).
- "skel/" - Only use this if needed. Stores (normally hidden (prefixed with .))
  configuration files that are automatically copied to the home directory when
  a new user is created. MassOS Xfce copiously needs to use this, but avoid it
  where possible, if you can set needed default settings system-wide instead.
- "extra-package-licenses/" - For packages which don't include a license
  document in their source tree, retrieve it from elsewhere and put it here.
  You'll still need to manually install the license file in the build script.
- Probably something else that has been forgotten here... Just check the Xfce
  Stage 3 layout to be sure.
